d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.exe.config
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.exe
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.pdb
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.Form1.resources
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.exe
d:\usuários\sb042182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.pdb
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.exe.config
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.exe
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.pdb
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.exe
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\TestBot.pdb
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.Form1.resources
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\migue\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestBot\TestBot\obj\Debug\TestBot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
